Sr.No,Name,Review
0,Paras Lehana,"Customization: 5/5Buttons: 5/5Features: 5/5Control: 5/5Durability: 5/5Grip: 4/5RGB: 5/5Review: G502 Hero fills the gaps of the previous G502. Hero is the perfect companion for all of your gaming needs. Let me get into each of them one by one. Don't miss the G HUB!Programmable Buttons: It features 11 buttons that are fully programmable. These include Forward/Backward, DPI Up/Down, G-Shift, Middle Click, Left/Right Click, Profile Cycle and Left/Right Scroll. Refer my image for visualization. Holding G-Shift in the default mode changes DPI to a preset which you can customize. For example, I hold it while snipping to lower my DPI to 1200 in FPS games and increase accuracy. Besides lowering the DPI, G-Shift button can also make existing buttons perform other functionality than their defaults. This gives you another set of 10 new controls! Yes, it does have horizontal scroll that enables left/right scrolling. I use it to change tabs in Chrome. Profile Cycle button helps me to cycle between different profiles easily. Not to miss that all of these are fully customizable on a per-app basis!Hyper Scroll: The scroll features as a frictionless one. Just scroll it once on a long webpage, leave it and it will keep scrolling even after you reach the end. Don't worry, you have a toggle just under it that can disable this feature.RGB: The space allotted is less. You can customize RGB settings for the Logo and the profile indicator on per-app basis. Choose modes between Cycle, Breathing, Fixed, Music and Screen. Music mode works as visualizer based on the playing track. Screen mode changes colour according to what's on your screen. For example, I have made profile for GRIS that makes my G502 to change colour to white and red depending on what's on left and middle side of the screen. The profile indicator in default mode helps you see the profile or DPI level when you change among the max 5.Weights: You get 5 3.6 grams weight bars that you can align in the weight compartment of the mouse as per your convenience. You have options for left/right and forward/backward alignments. A single weight can be aligned in 13 different ways! I've made a weight adjustment video so that you can see how weights are adjusted in G502.Grip and Durability: The mouse looks rock solid. If you have not too large hands, yours can rest comfortably over the mouse. There is a thumb rest while the curvature of the mouse is a treat to your right hand. Beware, left-handers!G HUB: The best thing about this mouse is the software. Yes, you read it right. With G HUB, you can make custom profiles (or even download from the community) for each app. Thus, you can change RGB colours and mode, buttons mapping, DPI settings and G-Shift/DPI-Shift for a particular app. I have even set a profile for Chrome that enhances my productivity. You can find profiles made by me on G HUB by the name 'Baahubali'. What amazed me is that besides Macros (Keyboard key combinations), Shortcuts and Keyboard Keys, you can even build scripts in Lua programming language - now this is something really professional by team.This was my first purchase of a premium gaming mouse. Previously, I had been buying Dragonwar mice. I read somewhere that this mouse is a one-time investment and now I believe they are right. Experiencing the hyper frictionless scroll gives you an idea about how reliable the mouse promises to be! With a price tag on 4K, it's a steal. You may get as minimum as INR 3799 in Lightning Deals.Do check my detailed photos and unboxing videos. I had to follow Amazon Video Format Specs so do visit YouTube (Paras Lehana) to view highest quality video of Unboxing and Weight Adjustment."
1,Udith Shetty,"The G502 Hero is an amazing mouse and for most people, it's a one time investment. The seller needs to understand that this is an expensive product. You need to put in a little bit more effort into packaging.I've been using this mouse for a while now and I'm loving the experience. I'd definitely recommend it!"
2,Amazon Customer,"I have been a gamer since my child and i was looking for a perfect gaming mouse and thats when i thought of this mouse just because it was on top of reviews and most importantly i was cheated by the name `logitech`.i have used a logitech mouse when i was a kid and that was really comfortable so i thought of going for logitech again and was really happy with the g502 hero because of its extreme control,precision and even accuracy and of course the comfort but only for 6 months.this was really a good mouse until it started to have double clicking issues.i probably think its the most cruel issue that a mouse can have.whenever i play pubg and i aim down the sight it automaticcaly double clicks resulting in total confusion.i lost many matches because of this.because u never aim when this issue starts.for atleast 1 in 4 hours i encounter this issue an i am totally tired of it.but to say the truth i really love this mouse except that one issue.how do u expect a high end mouse to have such issue that too within just 6 months of usage? really disappointed with logitech."
3,Optimistic Gearhead,"The first mouse I was sent was clearly beat up. It had scratch marks on the right mouse button. The skates were also unevenly worn out. That one had to have been a faulty manufacture(even the clicks were low travel and hit the frame at an odd height)The replacement was a relief. No faults whatsoever. Works as advertised with the Hero sensor. 16k DPI is overkill and I'd rarely use it but having the choice is welcome.This appears to work on the white surfaces without tracking issues now whereas the old iteration would fail.Performance is slick with Cloth Mousepads. But to get the best out of 16k DPI best use a hard surface. The trade-off is going to be the lifepsan on your skates.A good sturdy mouse. A little large but can be adjusted to. This one is heavy even without weights. Be prepared. At this price, this mouse is a steal with the latest sensors.Next, just waiting for the G Pro Wireless to launch here."
4,Ganesh Madavi,"Don't Buy Logitech mouse, just watch the video. There is big problem in  Logitech mouse switches, they are not good for gaming as there advertise, in just 6 months there are showing there ture cooler. Do some research before you buy any Logitech gaming mouse. There are so many videos available online showing the same problem and Logitech warranty service is very poor in India, there call center number is switched off. Then I try to contact they by email and that process is again big headache. So before buying this kind of expensive mouse just watch the video actually there is big hardware problem, you can't hold your right click for long time. Watch the video"
5,Chandu,It's the second mice I was purchasing in the same year 2018-2019. The both has same problem the right click switch sucks.Coming to mice it does your job clean and good& Good for gaming
6,Aravind G,"My first few days - I was utterly disappointed my mouse was not working the way I wanted. It was jumpy non-precise I couldn't even click on the map properly or select anything was missing last-hit, I was like what the hell...Then I realized it was my pc issue that's when my experience with this mouse changed oh my god what a seriously good mouse this is. You will love all the features it offers infinite scroll. I even liked the mouse weight to be frank..Though this is an fps i think fps gamers will prefer an easy to lift mouse.. Since I am a dota 2 player I liked this mouse a bit too much..its been a month and am enjoying it :D"
7,RotCorp,I'm no 187329871 IQ pro gamer it's got enough buttons for me. The button location are solid enough for me to be satisfied the only issue I have with this mouse is that the scroll wheel now spins freely and is one hell of a headache playing most fps games as the wheel usually switches weapons in most games.So for example you run out of ammo in game and want to switch to your secondary.. well you'll switch to it but switch right back about 3 times. Kind of a deal breaker for clutch moment gaming.***edit***Turns out i'm an idiot. There's a button that locks and unlocks the scroll wheel..LMAO sooo yeah no this mouse is great i'm just not smart enough to properly utilize it.
8,Theresa,"This mouse is actually fantastic for me, except for one TERRIBLE FLAW.  First the good - it's sleek, the sensor is amazing, it feels bonkers great in the hand, and the thumb buttons are very well positioned.  I kept reading a lot of things about the scroll wheel, but I didn't find it distracting at all.  I can't really see a use for free-scrolling, but the standard incremental scrolling works quite well.Now, for the bad.  The TILT WHEEL FUNCTIONALITY is absolutely useless if you are thinking of re-mapping the tilt buttons.  The slightest, most minimal application of pressure to the scroll wheel will often trigger the tilt buttons.  I repeat - if you use mouse button 3, you will FREQUENTLY trigger tilt left and right.  This means the tilt wheel is useless if you plan to re-map the tilt buttons (which I personally always do).  So, if you are never going to change the tilt wheel mapping - great mouse!  Fantastic deal!  If you don't want to be moving backwards and forwards in your browser every time you mouse 3, or want to re-map the tilt buttons - DO NOT PURCHASE THIS MOUSE.  COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY"
9,BrandonH,"Love everything about the G502 series and prior to getting the Hero, I was using the older G502 Proteus Core with no issue. The old mouse still works perfectly fine, however I wanted something new, but kind of the same; sounds strange but that's just me I guess.I don't care much for the RGB lighting and DPI switches, but the mouse feels fantastic ergonomically. I can go half a day of playing games with my friends without having any pain in my hands while they have to quit because of their general hand/wrist pains. It's pretty much identical to the older g502s, except the sensor feels quite a bit smoother (at least on a 144hz display) and it just feels so good for everyday use.The G502 series is pretty great for gaming. I never used the G-Shift for FPS games as my small hands can't really reach it with my thumb without an awkward grip change. But for some reason the new G502 Hero has a glaring issue where the sensor goes haywire and your cursor goes into the corner of your screen and you can't move the cursor and you would be spinning in place, frantically. The way to fix it is to lift your mouse up and reset the sensor, until it randomly happens again. It's quite annoying when you're doing your normal day-to-day browsing. However it is absolutely vexing when you are playing an FPS and suddenly your crosshair flips around and you start spinning around. Looked for solutions online and some other users definitely have similar issues, but there doesn't seem to be a solution yet. Probably just a DoA but on a  ~$80 mouse it's kind of ridiculous. Definitely not something you'd want for competitive gaming."
10,Gerard murphy,I can't call it a bad mouse. But it's a bad gaming mouse.Pros:-Lots of buttons-Lots of customization-Amazing sensor-Comfortable to hold and use in any non gaming application.Cons:-It's heavy.-Scroll wheel feels cheap and rattles when you move the mouse.-Buttons are cramped and the layout doesn't lend itself well to reflex based gaming. I found myself accidently hitting other buttons during frantic moments in several different games.  The thumb buttons are placed very low on the mouse. So many times while picking the mouse up to do flick shots. I found I would depress and activate those thumb buttons by accident.This mouse is good. I just can't recomend it for gaming.  I still use mine but only for Photoshop or other programs where I can see a benefit to the extra buttons.
11,Jess,"I really like this mouse largely because of the number of programmable buttons. When I’m playing fps’s, I like to program my melee and supers onto mouse buttons so I can focus on movement with my left hand on the keyboard and attacks with my right hand on the mouse, so this is really useful for me.DPS: the dps buttons are the two the just left of the left click button, and you can go up or down with with those. There’s a handy set of three rgb lights on the left of the mouse which show you which dpi setting you’re on, you can adjust those settings with the Logitech driver to whatever Dpi levels you need and you get four options you can set. The light come on when you change your dps but turn off after a little bit. I haven’t tried programming those buttons in game yet, so I don’t know if you were to program one to an in game action if it would also change the dps at the same time.Ergonomics/comfort: the mouse is quite comfortable for me, and I have a palm grip. I’ve also never noticed any comfort problems with other mice, but nonetheless, this one is still comfortable. The texture on the sides are fine with me, but my boyfriend doesn’t like the one on the right side, he’s got a weird thing though with textures. I don’t have that problem and actually find the texture nice as it’s not that super smooth almost slippery feeling texture. The scroll wheel has a weird texture that almost feels slippery in a metallic way, if that makes sense? It is grooved as well, though. The mouse comes with adjustable weights you can add, but it’s honestly already pretty heavy, IMO. I didn’t add any of the weights. It’s not heavy to the point of being a problem though.Usability: The G-shift button isn’t super easy for me to reach without shifting my hand forward a bit, but I also have pretty small hands. It’s not so far that it’s a hassle to shift a little either, but the issue with the g-shift button is that you have to hold it while pressing whatever other button you’re trying to access, so it’s a little more difficult. It would probably be easier if you could set it to a toggle weather than holding it, I haven’t tried to do that, but maybe I will see if it’s an option. Again, can’t comment on programming the dpi buttons in game, but you can change the button programming in the Logitech driver too, so I imagine it’s possible to change things around if you want to have something else change your dpi. Now, the scroll wheel. It’s not my favourite, and probably my least favourite aspect of this mouse. As I mentioned above, the texture is smooth-slippery feeling, but I haven’t had any noticeable difficulties with grip on it, and I’m sure the grooves help with that. The grooves are how I feel that the wheel is in fact scrolling for me, without the grooves, it would feel even weirder. You can change the scroll wheel to have the notched roll or a smooth roll, and that’s with the button just below the scroll wheel. I leave it on the notched one or it can be difficult to control, especially if you’re scrolling to switch weapons in game. If you’re scrolling on a page, getting it to register the continuous scroll is kinda hard, it doesn’t always work, but the continuous scroll isn’t something super important to me. I haven’t tested the side scrolling mechanism, tried to but couldn’t find somewhere to use it. Someone previously commented that using it causes the two top click buttons to click down, but I didn’t notice that while pressing for the side scroll, either direction, so it doesn’t seem like that’s a problem for me. I don’t have any problems with the mouse registering movement when I pick it up to move or shift it, but I think I also naturally lift it pretty high, in terms of mouse lifting, but I think that’s also and adjustable setting.Aesthetic: I like the look, the G is the only part that lights up with rgb, but I like the look of rgb lights, so I would have liked more lights on the mouse in visible locations since the G is covered by my hand (from the view of my eyes, the view point in the photo is lower and from the side, so it’s visible) while I’m using it. You can also turn off the lights in the driver settings if you want, and choose different colours, patterns, and speeds. I like that I can match the rgb with my Logitech keyboard, but that’s just because they’re the same brand. I know for the keyboard, you can also download custom light colour/patterns that other people have uploaded, I didn’t see that for the mouse too, but could be because I wasn’t looking for it.All in all, I’d definitely recommend this mouse for people who have a gaming style and preferences similar to mine. My only real issue with it is the scroll wheel, and that’s not to the level of being a deal breaker, and I would have also liked some more visible rgb lights on the mouse, but usability and comfort are more important to me than aesthetics, so it’s not something that really bothers me. I didn’t give five stars only because of the scroll wheel and size being slightly large for me (again, I have small hands, so it’s not something that will affect others the same way it does me). If I could give 4.5, I would. As I test things out, I’ll try to remember to come back and update as needed. So far, I’m loving the mouse and the customizability it offers, as well as the comfort of it (again, noting I’ve never had any problems with comfort in terms of mice before). End of the day, would recommend."
